# Boolean Logic ReadMe

I've decided to create two classes chipClass and testScript in order to implement the assignment. I built the Not,And,Or gates using if statements to return the correct result for each method. Furthermore, I implemented the Xor, Mux, Dmux by using a combination of the previously stated Not, And, Or gates. In order to implement the Not16, And16, Or16, Mux16 gates I created a for loop to apply the specific gate And for And16 and Or for Or16 to each variable of the size 16 array to create these gates. Or8Way was just two sets of Or method calls applied to the 8 variables of the array. Moreover, I created the Mux4Way16 by building upon previous gates and then in order to implement the Mux8Way16 I used the Mux4Way16 method twice in order complete Mux8Way16. Lastly I created the DMux4Way and Dmux8Way by finding the patterns that satisfy each variable in the array and only that variable to get the desired returned variables within the array. DMux8Way was just further applying Xor and And gates to the Dmux4Way alternating each time with by comparing the third variable and the in and applying an And gate to the previously stated DMux4Way and the Xor or And alternatively.

In order to build clean code I decided to seperate the testcript from the gates and have them in their own class and so the chipClass extends the testScript class. The testScript prompts the user with a selection of gates to test and the user types in the number in the list of the specific gate that is to be tested. The user is then prompted by either an input ( depending on the number of inputs required in a consequtive order ) , a selection variable ( one digit sel value ) or and array ( could either denote the selection variable depending on size of an array input ) if array query asks for an array size 3 or 2 it is asking for the selection array and if it's greater it is asking for the input array. The user's result is then displayed and the user is brought back to the main gate selection menu and can type in 16 to exit the testing menu.

I used the pdf at ' http://www.nand2tetris.org/chapters/chapter%2001.pdf ' for chapter one of the book to assist me in building the gates and I used the ' http://www.nand2tetris.org/01.php ' link to find the expected results, test sequences and inputs for each variable.

